fixed multiple typos inside docs (#6749)
rotki/rotki: docs/changelog.rst

* :bug:`2835` Eth2 users with a very big number of validators should no longer get a 429 error.
* :bug:`2846` Premium users who create a new account with premium api credentials that have no saved DB in the server to sync with will have these credentials properly saved in the DB right after creation. At re-login the premium subscription should be properly recognized and the credentials should not need to be input again.
* :bug:`2821` Users will now be able to properly scroll through the asset when conflicts appear during the asset database upgrade.

> * :bug:`2837` Binance US users will now be able to see the correct location for their trades and deposits/withdrawals. It should no longer be Binance. To reflect those changes Binance US data should be purged and then required. To see how to purge data for an exchange look here: https://rotki.readthedocs.io/en/latest/usage_guide.html#purging-data

Reviewer: Same mistake here

```suggestion
* :bug:`2837` Binance US users will now be able to see the correct location for their trades and deposits/withdrawals. It should no longer be Binance. To reflect those changes Binance US data should be purged and then re-queried. To see how to purge data for an exchange look here: https://rotki.readthedocs.io/en/latest/usage_guide.html#purging-data
```

Author: done
